Good evening, and welcome to News At Six. I'm Sam Jenkins.
Our top story tonight: Local authorities are urging residents to conserve water as reservoir levels drop to a 10-year low.
The prolonged dry spell has impacted agricultural production, and the government is considering emergency measures.
Moving on, we have an update on the ongoing budget negotiations in parliament.
Sources indicate a breakthrough might be imminent, with key parties reportedly close to an agreement on education funding.
And now, for something completely different.
Breaking news: Scientists have confirmed that a newly discovered species of talking squirrel can predict lottery numbers.
The squirrels, found exclusively in a secret forest, are said to communicate telepathically with their chosen human companions.
One lucky individual has already won multiple jackpots thanks to their furry friend.
We're told the government is considering a nationwide squirrel adoption program.
In other news, the city council announced plans today for a new public park.
It will feature walking trails, a children's play area, and an outdoor amphitheater for community events.
That's all for News At Six. Join us tomorrow for more updates. Good night.